hi everybody my name is solely on I'm
from South Korea and I'm taking a roll
up so he in his campaign for Toyota kami
nice to meet you so he is an innocent
tender girl who loves her deeply
but we're supposed to be the best day of
life from suicide and she finds out it's
dark sleeping inside so you might want
to keep your eyes open to find out what
these dark secret is yeah um since I
turned 15 I came over to America
American high school and after
graduating I went back to Korea
now I'm attending the Korean University
who's studying English and occasionally
German education together it is actually
my first time to view ads and what
excites me the most is the beautiful
scenery
like yesterday we did wonderful shooting
in Malibu today we did this shooting at
the special studio with worth holy stars
always do fishes Anna yeah what I'm what
so he finally finds her true boyfriend's
you as his part family plays a favorite
song
made a scene best
highlighted features of the car did the
Fisher of the car was amazing to do I
would choose my friends and family as
one early of my life because they always
have much power source of my strength
they always gave me inspiration
supporters yeah thank you so much for
watching Korean Progress drama
we all working so hard for this
like better work